Docs 4997 nested splitters v3.9 (#969)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/splitter-flow-control-examples.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> 

Reviewer: INSTRUCTIONS for editing:

Please review only the added text (green) and any time during the week is ok

  <logger message="#[payload]" level="INFO" doc:name="Logger"/>
</flow>
</mule>
----

[[example-nested-splitters]]

> == Example: Nested Splitters

Reviewer 2: == Example Nested Splitters

> The following example project sets the payload to `[[1,2,3,4], [5,6,7,8], [9,10,11,12]]`, then uses nested splitters to process each element in the payload. The example also shows how to store message properties when using nested splitters so the original message can be assembled:

Reviewer: Do not use ", then" as a conjunction; you still need "and":
```suggestion
The following example project sets the payload to `[[1,2,3,4], [5,6,7,8], [9,10,11,12]]` and then uses nested splitters to process each element in that payload. The example also shows how to store message properties when using nested splitters so the original message can be assembled:
```

image::mruntime-nested-splitter-flow.png[nested-splitter-flow]

> 

Reviewer: Following are the steps of the flow:

Reviewer: I just assumed that the numbered list referred to a chronology of actions, but now I wonder if these numbers correspond to graphic callouts? By the text alone, I cannot understand why we refer to "this flow reference" instead of "a flow reference" or "the flow reference." I see there are two numbers in the referenced image; will there be more to correspond to this numbered list?

> . The Splitter splits the payload into fragments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The splitter splits the payload into fragments.
```

> . This Flow Reference calls the `setSplitterVariables` sub-flow, which stores the values of the `correlationId`, `correlationGroupSize`, and `correlationGroupSize` properties into different variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The flow reference calls the `setSplitterVariables` subflow, which stores the values of the `correlationId`, `correlationGroupSize`, and `correlationGroupSize` properties into different variables.
```

> . This is where the logic for the first Splitter is implemented. In this case, it outputs the content of the payload using a Logger component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The logic for the first splitter is implemented: in this case, it outputs the content of the payload using a Logger component.
```

> . This Flow Reference calls `nestedSplitterSubflow`, which executes a new Splitter, a Logger component that outputs the content of the payload, and a Collection Aggregator that assembles the messages split in this sub-flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The flow reference calls `nestedSplitterSubflow`, which executes a new splitter, a Logger component that outputs the content of the payload, and a collection aggregator that assembles the messages split in this subflow.
```

> . This Flow Reference calls the `setSplitterProperties` sub-flow, which sets the `correlationId`, `correlationGroupSize`, and `correlationGroupSize` properties using the values from the variables created in `setSplitterVariables`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The flow reference calls the `setSplitterProperties` subflow, which sets the `correlationId`, `correlationGroupSize`, and `correlationGroupSize` properties using the values from the variables created in `setSplitterVariables`.
```

> . The Collection Aggregator assembles the original message using the message properties set in the `setSplitterProperties` sub-flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The collection aggregator assembles the original message using the message properties set in the `setSplitterProperties` subflow.
```

> When this project runs, it shows the following output through the console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this project runs, the console shows the following output (logs shortened for readability):
```

----
SPLITTER 1: PROCESSING ITEM [1, 2, 3, 4]
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 1
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 2
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 3
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 4
SPLITTER 1: PROCESSING ITEM [5, 6, 7, 8]
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 5
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 6
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 7
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 8
SPLITTER 1: PROCESSING ITEM [9, 10, 11, 12]
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 9
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 10
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 11
SPLITTER 2: PROCESSING ITEM 12
----

> The Logs were shortened to improve readability.

Reviewer: OMIT in favor of mentioning in intro to example
```suggestion
```

> The Logs where shortened to improve readability.

Reviewer 2: where > were

=== Full Example Code

> 

Reviewer 2: Would and intro line, _Splitter example in standalone XML code:_
